docs: snapshot doc emphasizes snapshots first, privacy second (#673)
tilt-dev/tilt.build: docs/snapshots.md

Snapshots are a great tool for debugging **remotely** and **asynchronously**--two necessities in the current age of work-from-home. Snapshots eliminate the need for Slack back-and-forth when diagnosing a problem; instead of guessing what error message to copy and paste, a developer can just send their entire Tilt state. Likewise, the frozen-in-time nature of Snapshots makes async debugging a breeze: if a dev encounters strange behavior and the right person to ask isn't online, it's easy to take a snapshot, send over the link, and go back to writing code. 

## Creating and Sharing Snapshots
Inside Tilt, click the `Create a snapshot` button at the top. If you haven't yet connected Tilt to Tilt Cloud, you'll be prompted to do so (using your GitHub account to sign in). Click `GET LINK` to create the snapshot. Click `OPEN` and Tilt will open the snapshot in Tilt Cloud in a new browser tab. Copy the URL of the snapshot and share at will.

// TOOD: maybe a gif here instead?
![create-snapshot](assets/img/create-snapshot.png)

> Visit [cloud.tilt.dev/snapshots](https://cloud.tilt.dev/snapshots) for a list of all active snapshots you have created.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Visit [cloud.tilt.dev/snapshots](https://cloud.tilt.dev/snapshots) for a list of all snapshots you have created.
```

Let's remove "active" since there's no notion of active vs inactive for snapshots.

> ### Private Snapshots

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Private team snapshots
```

I think we should emphasize "team" here somehow. I want to make it explicit that there's only two types of snapshots:

- Team snapshots, which are private.
- Non-team snapshots, which are public.

I don't want a reader having to wonder, can I have a public team snapshot?

Author: Hmm I think that the phrasing "private team snapshots" does itself suggest the existence of "public team snapshots". What about:
> Private Snapshots (aka Team Snapshots)
?

Reviewer: Yep I like your latest suggestion

To create _private_ snapshots, [ensure your project is associated with a Tilt Cloud team using `set_team` in your Tiltfile.](teams.html) Make sure you are either a [`Member` or `Owner`](teams.html#add-users-to-your-team) of the team. Then follow the instructions above. The resulting snapshot will only be viewable by Tilt Cloud users  who are `Member`s or `Owners` of the associated team.

// TODO: screenshot (access denied)

> **Important**: If the Tiltfile errors on its first execution when you run `tilt up`, and [`set_team`](https://docs.tilt.dev/api.html#api.set_team) has not been called yet, Tilt will not understand `set_team`. If you then take a snapshot, it will be a _public_ snapshot. (See below for public snapshots.) To work around this problem, make sure to put `set_team` as the first line in your Tiltfile. Tilt will then successfully parse `set_team` and start using the team id in it. Create a snapshot as normal and it will be a private team snapshot.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Important**: If the Tiltfile errors on its first execution when you run `tilt up`, and [`set_team`](https://docs.tilt.dev/api.html#api.set_team) has not been called yet, Tilt will not understand `set_team`. If you then take a snapshot, it will be a _public_ snapshot, not associated with any team. To work around this problem, make sure to put `set_team` as the first line in your Tiltfile. Tilt will then successfully parse `set_team` and start using the team id in it. Create a snapshot as normal and it will be a private team snapshot.
```
